Update semantic field documentation to add asymmetric model support (#12396)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _mappings/supported-field-types/semantic.md

## Example: Dense embedding model

> The `semantic` field type provides built-in support for symmetric embedding models in all supported versions. Starting in version 3.5, it also supports asymmetric embedding models such as E5, where document content is encoded as passages during ingestion and query text is encoded as queries at search time. With symmetric models, the same embedding representation is used for both documents and queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `semantic` field type supports both symmetric and asymmetric embedding models. Symmetric models use the same embedding representation for both documents and queries. Asymmetric models (such as E5) encode document content as passages during ingestion and encode query text as queries at search time.
```
